Hi, my name is Travis Gerke, and I'm excited to tell you about the top three reasons that
you should take the causal inference with R workshop at PositConf 2023.
The first reason is that in this workshop, you will learn modern and elegant ways to
perform causal inference using tools like tidymodels and the tidyverse.
This contrasts with some more traditional ways of teaching causal inference that are
very heavily theoretical or use more legacy programming approaches.
The second reason builds on the first reason.
We have some fun coding elements in this workshop, such as performing causal inference with groupby
and summarize.
I bet you didn't think that was possible, but in this workshop, you'll find out how.
The third reason, of course, is the people.
Malcolm Barrett has years of experience running this workshop successfully, and I'm sure you'll
enjoy it.
As for myself, it's my first year with the workshop, but I'm excited to come share my
experience as a student of causal inference at Harvard School of Public Health, later
a faculty member in academia studying causal inference and its applied methods, and now
as a practitioner in the clinical trial space.
And of course, there's you.
Together, we'll form a small community over two days of causal inference enthusiasts using
R to implement it, and I'm really excited to see you there.